fix(pkg-py): accumulate streaming HTMLDependency objects and simplify bookmark restore (#193)
posit-dev/shinychat: pkg-py/CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed bookmark serialization failure when a `ToolResultDisplay` contained `HTMLDependency` objects in its `html`, `icon`, or `footer` fields. (#188)

* Fixed `HTMLDependency` objects being lost during streaming message accumulation, causing CSS/JS to be missing after bookmark restore for streamed messages. (#192, #193)

### Breaking changes

> * Removed the deprecated `transform_user` and `transform_assistant` parameters from `.messages()`. As a result, `.messages()` now _always_ returns transformed content (i.e., the result of applying `.transform_user_input()` / `.transform_assistant_response()`, if any), meaning that it's a truer reflection of UI than LLM message state. This change reflects a greater change in philosophy that `shinychat` shouldn't be managing LLM message state (a backend framework like `chatlas`, `langchain`, `pydantic`, etc. should do this instead). (#193)

Author: ```suggestion
* Removed the deprecated `transform_user` and `transform_assistant` parameters from `.messages()`. As a result, `.messages()` now _always_ returns transformed content (i.e., the result of applying `.transform_user_input()` / `.transform_assistant_response()`, if any), meaning it's better reflection of UI state than LLM-facing message state. This change reflects a greater change in philosophy that `shinychat` shouldn't be managing LLM message state (a backend framework like `chatlas`, `langchain`, `pydantic`, etc. should do this instead). (#193)
```
